# Pauhanson_HW7
#Description: In this project, I created a four-page survey that asks the user a series of fun personal questions. This project was for the seventh homework for my digital product management class.

Best Practices: 
To start off, when creating web forms one of the most important practices is to prioritize the information on the page. This could be done by having effective titles and headings that direct the user in the correct way. Additionally, putting the most important features of the webform on the top left of the page is essential for users to look at the most important information first. When designing a web form having appropriate spacing is effective so the reader/user doesn't get lost when navigating the web form. Lastly, having a good navigation bar on the side is important so that users can find what they are looking for quickly.
	
Similarly, by using appropriate font, colors, and pictures a web form can effectively portray information and waste as little time as possible for the users. Fonts should vary depending on if the information is designed to be text, headers, or titles. Additionally, using appropriate font colors is adequate to ensure people can smoothly read, as well as see bolded texts. Appropriate font colors are also important to ensure people with any visual impairments can smoothly read the information as well. Lastly, pictures should only be used when deemed important and should be appropriately sized to not take up too much or too little space. 

The last best practice when designing a web form is to use current, effective, and respectful information. Proper punctuation and capitalization is important for the web form to look professional. Only displaying effective information is useful to ensure the webform is concise and interesting for all users. Lastly, using respfcul and politically correct language is important to ensure everyone visiting the web form feels respected and welcomed. 
